src/content/homepage/-index.md, before:

---
# Banner
banner:
  title: "Welcome to Neuro Balance Physio"
  content: "We provide high quality rehabilitation in the comfort of your own home/community visits. The first appointment will include a comprehensive assessment, including listening to what you would like to achieve from physiotherapy. We will then create a treatment plan tailored to your needs and goals, supporting you along your rehabilitation journey."
  image: "/images/banner.png"
  button:
    enable: false
    label: "Get Started For Free"
    link: "https://github.com/zeon-studio/astroplate"

# Features
features:
  - title: "What's Included in Astroplate"
    image: "/images/service-1.png"
    content: "Astroplate is a comprehensive starter template that includes everything you need to get started with your Astro project. What's Included in Astroplate"
    bulletpoints:
      - "10+ Pre-build pages"
      - "95+ Google Pagespeed Score"
      - "Build with Astro and TailwindCSS for easy and customizable styling"
      - "Fully responsive on all devices"
      - "SEO-optimized for better search engine rankings"
      - "**Open-source and free** for personal and commercial use"
    button:
      enable: false
      label: "Get Started Now"
      link: "#"

  - title: "Discover the Key Features Of Astro"
    image: "/images/service-2.png"
    content: "Astro is an all-in-one web framework for building fast, content-focused websites. It offers a range of exciting features for developers and website creators. Some of the key features are:"
    bulletpoints:
      - "Zero JS, by default: No JavaScript runtime overhead to slow you down."
      - "Customizable: Tailwind, MDX, and 100+ other integrations to choose from."
      - "UI-agnostic: Supports React, Preact, Svelte, Vue, Solid, Lit and more."
    button:
      enable: true
      label: "Get Started Now"
      link: "https://github.com/zeon-studio/astroplate"

  - title: "The Top Reasons to Choose Astro for Your Next Project"
    image: "/images/service-3.png"
    content: "With Astro, you can build modern and content-focused websites without sacrificing performance or ease of use."
    bulletpoints:
      - "Instantly load static sites for better user experience and SEO."
      - "Intuitive syntax and support for popular frameworks make learning and using Astro a breeze."
      - "Use any front-end library or framework, or build custom components, for any project size."
      - "Built on cutting-edge technology to keep your projects up-to-date with the latest web standards."
    button:
      enable: false
      label: ""
      link: ""
---

Commit message:

Hero and first section of homepages complete

src/content/homepage/-index.md, after:

---
# Banner
banner:
  title: "Welcome to Neuro Balance Physio"
  content: "We provide high quality rehabilitation in the comfort of your own home/community visits. The first appointment will include a comprehensive assessment, including listening to what you would like to achieve from physiotherapy.
  <br>
  <br>
  We will then create a treatment plan tailored to your needs and goals, supporting you along your rehabilitation journey."
  image: "/images/neurobalancephysio/hero.jpg"
  button:
    enable: false
    label: ""
    link: ""

# Features
features:
  - title: "Conditions Treated"
    image: "/images/neurobalancephysio/brain.jpg"
    content: "<h6>Neurological Conditions</h6>
    An individualised programme to assist in your rehabilitation.
    <br>
    <br>
    Conditions including:"
    bulletpoints:
    - "Stroke"
    - "Spinal Cord Injury"
    - "Multiple Sclerosis"
    - "Ataxia"
    - "Parkinson’s Disease"
    - "Traumatic Brain Injury"
    - "Functional Neurological Disorder"
    - "Gillian Barrie Syndrome"
    - "And many more... please get in touch."

    button:
      enable: false
      label: ""
      link: ""

  - title: "Discover the Key Features Of Astro"
    image: "/images/service-2.png"
    content: "Astro is an all-in-one web framework for building fast, content-focused websites. It offers a range of exciting features for developers and website creators. Some of the key features are:"
    bulletpoints:
      - "Zero JS, by default: No JavaScript runtime overhead to slow you down."
      - "Customizable: Tailwind, MDX, and 100+ other integrations to choose from."
      - "UI-agnostic: Supports React, Preact, Svelte, Vue, Solid, Lit and more."
    button:
      enable: true
      label: "Get Started Now"
      link: "https://github.com/zeon-studio/astroplate"

  - title: "The Top Reasons to Choose Astro for Your Next Project"
    image: "/images/service-3.png"
    content: "With Astro, you can build modern and content-focused websites without sacrificing performance or ease of use."
    bulletpoints:
      - "Instantly load static sites for better user experience and SEO."
      - "Intuitive syntax and support for popular frameworks make learning and using Astro a breeze."
      - "Use any front-end library or framework, or build custom components, for any project size."
      - "Built on cutting-edge technology to keep your projects up-to-date with the latest web standards."
    button:
      enable: false
      label: ""
      link: ""
---
